Honey.
Hello.
Hyun Soo.
Hello, Mother. Hello, Professor Min.
Chef On, come over here.
They're Hyun Soo's parents.
Okay.
Who are they?
They're my parents.
They wanted to cheer me up,
so they came to buy me a meal.
Hello. I'm On Jung Sun,
Hyun Soo's boyfriend.
Oh, I see. Hello.
Hello.
Just a moment.
I'm so busy.
Mom, this is my boyfriend.
His name is On Jung Sun.
He already introduced himself.
My gosh.
That woman over there is Jung Sun's mother.
You should say hello.
Do we have to go over there?
- I'll bring her here. - Wait.
I don't know what the right order is.
- Dad. - Yes?
What should I do?
Honey, we should go over there and say hi.
Okay.
Hello, I'm Hyun Soo's dad.
Hello, I'm Hyun Soo's mom.
Hello, I'm Jung Sun's mom.
And this is my fiance.
He's a professor at Seomyun University,
and he's also an artist.
Hello.
Oh, yes. Hello.
(Temperature of Love)
(Episode 23)
You've practically devoted
your life to this office.
Why are you at work on a holiday?
Your employees won't like it.
You're so talkative.
You're talkative, but you rarely say anything useful.
I heard you're going to sign a contract with Director Min.
Is that true?
Director Min is still above average.
The only reason he ruined "Unruly Detectives" is because...
he tried too hard to do well.
I'll be able to sign him at a cheap price because he failed.
How can you say that as if it has nothing to do with you?
You're the one who failed.
The drama's going to end earlier than planned.
We didn't lose money, so it doesn't matter.
My gosh, you're incredible.
You didn't lose money even when the drama ended earlier than planned?
You really have everything you want except for love.
How's "Kind Soup"?
Hyun Soo sent me the synopsis and script, but I haven't read it yet.
Now that the ending's changed,
the way that the story unfolds has changed too.
It's become a lot brighter. I like it.
I should ask the Planning Team to look over it...
and talk to Hyun Soo afterwards.
Don't you like the fact that the ending's changed?
I should read it to be sure,
but I don't like it.
Why is Hyun Soo eating with her parents instead of eating with us?
She came to eat with her family. It's natural for her to be there.
But I care for her so much.
I'm going to become her mother-in-law.
Do you want to become a mother-in-law?
No, you're right.
I suddenly got reminded of my past mother-in-law. I was so sick of her.
Overall, the food here is very refreshing.
Chef On's dishes are the best.
Not only do they taste nice, but it's also hard to forget about them.
- I agree with you. - Right?
But the portions are too small.
I enjoyed his dishes.
I knew it. You and I have similar tastes.
We should go now. You said you need to get back to work.
Did you enjoy your meal?
Yes, it was nice.
You should visit again. The menu's going to change next month.
Okay, we will. We'll leave after we say goodbye...
to your mother and her fiance.
Honey.
It was nice meeting you.
It was nice...
You don't need to pay.
They already paid.
We paid in advance because we knew you'd do this.
Today was an official family outing.
So please invite us again next time.
Okay.
Honey, let's go.
Bye.
Call me.
(Commission Fee, Summary of Commission Fee)
Here's the business consulting report of Good Soup.
(Report on how to improve the management performance of Good Soup)
(Good Soup, Current Status)
It's time for you to get involved.
Chef On won't be able to bring out good results...
within the year if he keeps doing things his way.
Please schedule a meeting with Chef On.
Okay, sir.
It's a report on how to overcome the deficit of Good Soup.
(Report on how to improve the management performance of Good Soup)
They think the quality of your food and meal courses are great.
I also agree with that point. That's why I invested in you.
So?
I want you to give me a report on sales and purchase orders.
This isn't what you promised. It hasn't been a year yet.
I can't just let you go bankrupt during the remaining time.
You're the one who told me that you won't make me lose money.
You should still keep your promise.
I don't want any money that comes from anything other than Good Soup.
Fine, I'll let you get involved in this.
But keep in mind that I'm only doing this because it's you.
I've been nothing but sincere towards you until now.
I'll give you a report on recent sales and purchase orders.
You're right. He tends to be like that.
I don't know why... Get back to work.
Hello, Mr. Park.
Keep up the good work.
- Yes, Mr. Park. - Yes, Mr. Park.
Gosh, that was scary.
Chef On seemed very decent.
Yes. He thinks decently too. I have a lot to learn from him.
He's more mature than I am.
He's competent too.
He's quite young to have his own restaurant.
His mom must be really rich.
I don't know about that. Someone invested in his restaurant.
What does his father do?
I don't know.
How can you not know about that when you're dating him?
They'll slowly get to know about those things.
She's only getting to know him right now.
You're right, Dad.
Does she live with that man?
Isn't she going to get married to that professor?
I think so.
She's really free-spirited.
When did she get divorced?
He must've gotten hurt if they got divorced when he was a teenager.
Mom, what is it that you want to say?
I have a lot of things I want to say, but I'm not going to.
It's not like...
you introduced him to us as your fiance. You're just dating him.
Honey, we should go now.
What? Okay.
- We'll go now. - Okay.
I was going to go, but I came back.
Why did you come back?
Are you going to get married to Hyun Soo soon?
Why do you ask?
You can't get married to her. Give me your word on that.
You have so much to do in the future.
You're not supposed to get involved in our relationship.
It's just like how I respect your private life.
Even if I don't get involved,
Hyun Soo's parents will.
I may be immature at times,
but I've lived longer than you.
I can already tell how things are going to unfold.
Her parents aren't going to like you that much.
Do you know how Hyun Soo's mom looked at me?
Mom, please stop viewing the world only in your perspective.
You should try thinking in other people's shoes.
How do you think I'd feel if you say that?
Can't I say what I felt?
What you feel isn't always right.
Hyun Soo and I are adults, and that means we can...
get married without having to ask for our parents' permission.
If we ever break up, that's going to be on us, not our parents.
So you'll never be able to influence what happens to our relationship.
You're so resolute.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
Have you been doing well?
Yes.
I met with Jung Woo. He hasn't ready your script yet.
He wants you to come to his office.
He could've called her himself. Why did he tell you to tell her?
Would you want to call her if you were him?
He has a really strong pride. He's only seeing her because of work.
How did you think of the script?
I like the edited version.
If Jung Woo approves of it, I'll report it to the company.
Do you think your company will air my drama?
I dropped out of my last drama.
It may have been for the best.
"Unruly Detectives" is going to end earlier than planned.
Did On Entertainment suffer from a huge loss?
He apparently didn't lose any money. Isn't he incredible?
You should get married to a guy like Jung Woo.
Love is useless. You only end up getting hurt.
Life is already full of scars and hardships.
The happiness we get from love can't be exchanged with anything.
- What are you looking at? - I'm looking with my own eyes.
Do I need permission to do that?
Yes, you do because you're looking at me.
Kyung, now that Hong Ah's not here, you're fighting with Joon Ha.
Since we're talking about Writer Ji,
Jung Woo said he's going to make her work with Director Min.
Do you think Hong Ah's crazy enough to work with Director Min?
There's no way she will.
When does Mr. Park want to see me?
Call him.
Okay.
This is Park Jung Woo.
Mr. Kim. Did you read the script?
Yes. I'm reading it for the second time.
Do you have time in the evening?
Yes.
Have dinner beforehand.
I have a dinner appointment, so I can't eat with you.
Okay.
Why aren't you saying anything about my script?
It was an easy read.
It was very provocative.
I wrote it based on a true story.
Reality is crazier than drama.
I'm not saying it was bad.
Can you schedule it to be aired?
I can't make that decision alone. It has to go through a meeting.
There's a high probability if it's backed by a director.
- A director? - The company...
wants to give it to director Kim Joon Ha.
It's time for him to direct one. You know him, don't you?
I know him well because he's a close friend of Hyun Soo.
I think he's preparing something with Hyun Soo.
It's not for sure though.
Have a seat.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
I don't like it.
- Pardon? - It was better before the revision.
Why did you change it to a happy ending?
Because I was following the character...
Did you project yourself into it?
You have a tendency to write your story.
I got the motif, but I don't write stories by projecting myself.
I showed all my cards to you two.
I'm not saying anything about that day.
Because I don't want to hurt you.
Did I look pitiful?
The reason why I stayed quiet all these years...
is because I was certain that you'd end up with me.
But you've changed.
I have.
I've in pain for five years because of him. I can't change.
I've been in pain for five years. I can't change either.
Let's go our own ways.
Then we'll meet at some point.
Can you leave your personal feelings out of it?
I can.
I wanted to produce this drama for its sad ending.
A romance drama with a sad ending can easily have low ratings.
I'm not trying to make money with your work.
I like a unique drama...
loved by minor audience.
I want to write a popular drama.
A drama with a happy ending that makes people happy.
If you keep arguing,
then I'll have to go with your opinion.
But this should have a sad ending.
Mr. Yoo.
- Hyun Soo. - Hi.
What brings you here, Hyun Soo?
Are you here to do an interview for your drama?
- Did you have dinner here? - Yes.
I'll get going now.
- Bye, Hong Ah. - Bye, Hyun Soo.
Are you cold?
No. I'm fine.
I said we could talk on the phone.
No, we should talk face-to-face.
You met my parents for the first time.
How were they?
Your dad was really nice.
My dad really likes you.
My mom does, too.
Though my parents would like anyone I date.
They trust my decision.
You have a sister who's quite tough, don't you?
Yes. She's married.
Her kid is four years old. She can speak really well.
My brother-in-law is gentle and tenacious, so he has the upper hand.
But she's still happy.
When you saw her before,
she was having a hard time because of a breakup.
So she was taking it out on me.
My parents...
are so in love that they don't care about their children.
They're retiring soon, so they're excited to travel together.
What's your father like?
He's a dentist in Bundang.
I asked him what he's like, but he tells me his occupation.
Does he not want to talk about it?
Or has it not been resolved yet?
How's work? Did you finish your script?
I submitted the summary and the revision.
Mr. Park doesn't like the revised summary.
What happens if he doesn't like it?
Either I revise it again or persuade him.
What will you do?
I'll have to think about it and talk Joon Ha.
Because he's the director.
How's your restaurant?
Once the consultation result is out, it'll be run differently.
I can't...
not see Mr. Park regarding work.
Are you upset?
I'm not happy about it, but there's nothing I can do.
Thanks for understanding.
We can do it.
We'll do great.
I'm back.
You're welcome anytime.
Soo Jung. Aren't you being too pretentious?
Think whatever you like.
You do whatever you like anyway.
Soo Jung.
Can you give me the wine list for the Christmas promotion?
Okay.
Aren't you saying hi to me?
You say hi to me even when I don't.
Are you mad at me?
Why would I be mad? You always do whatever you like.
So you don't like me anymore?
Hong Ah.
Liking you is my problem, not yours.
I didn't like you because you were nice to me.
Are you dating Soo Jung?
Dating a girl while liking someone else is bad.
Don't you think it's a habit?
Because I've been liking you for a long time.
These days, I think...
a habit can be fixed.
Don't think that.
I'm bored without you.
If you say that I'll feel bad. I've already made up my mind.
Why did you make up your mind? Just do as you please.
I'm sick of unrequited love.
Before Soo Jung told me her feelings,
I didn't know how pathetic people thought of me.
Chef, here you go.
(Christmas Promotion Wine List)
Thank you.
Wait.
I have something to tell you with Hong Ah here.
Thank you for telling me your feelings in front of Hong Ah.
But I overreacted because I was upset with Hong Ah.
I told her to get your permission because I was yours.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I'm sorry...
for meddling with your life without your permission.
Bye.
There are so many good women out there.
I'm trying to figure out how I can love a good woman.
I brought my car. I can go by myself.
I'll walk you to your car.
Hyun Soo.
I thought you left earlier.
Are you going home?
Yes, I am.
I want to go with you. I'm having a hard time.
I need to talk to you.
What's wrong?
Won Joon has changed.
He's become defiant.
My work is going well. I don't know why he's doing that.
Won Joon has been the same all along.
It's about time he's tired of it.
You're saying exactly what Won Joon said.
Liking a person isn't easy, though it looks easy.
Be nice to him. Don't regret it after he leaves you.
I think you're lucky in many ways.
Your work seems to be in progress again.
You have your love.
You have everything you need. Why do you compare yourself?
It's not like I want to. I just can't help it.
I'm going to go inside now. It's cold.
When's the second report going to come out?
It'll be ready soon. He gets things done very quickly.
But why is he doing this when it hasn't even been a year yet?
I wonder if it's because of Hyun Soo.
Do you think he lost his judgment because he got shocked?
He's not the type to lose his judgment.
You're right.
But I'm surprised that Hyun Soo never fell for him...
when he made it obvious that he likes her.
Hong Ah would've fallen for him a long time ago.
Will you really be able to stop liking Hong Ah?
I might not be able to, but I'm still going to try.
I always supported your love.
Hong Ah reminds me of my mom.
I kind of feel sorry for her.
Really?
I understand why Soo Jung confessed her feelings for you.
You're a very attractive guy.
You're the best, Chef On. You're making my heart feel warm.
Anyway, what are you going to do?
Don't you think Hyun Soo would want to get a proposal from you?
What does that matter?
I'm sure she knows how much I love her.
You're right.
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
A happy ending. They won't break up.
A sad ending. They'll break up.
Which one is more realistic?
Which one will be more popular?
(A few days later)
(Jung Woo)
Hello?
I have the second consultation report for Good Soup.
I'm quite busy today.
So I want you to come by my office during the break time.
Okay.
Chef On is here to see you.
Sit down.
(Second Report on how to improve the management performance of Good Soup)
You should read it.
(Good Soup, Problem Analysis)
(A Change in Interior Design, Current Status)
Do you want me to start by changing the interior?
That's going to be inefficient since it'll cost a lot of money.
I want you to change the menu.
You want me to change the menu?
The menu itself is great.
But it doesn't go well with our culture.
The food's too light, and the portions are too small.
The ingredients are too pricey too.
That's why you can't make any profits.
So you want me to earn money by...
using cheaper ingredients while we leave it at the same price?
I'm not saying you should do that forever.
You can go back to how things were once things become stable.
Do you think the customers will wait until then?
I can't lie to people who come to my restaurant...
because they trust me and like my food.
I can't cook good quality food with cheap ingredients.
Then you need to fire a few employees.
What?
You have too many workers compared to the number of customers.
You can fire two waiters and the youngest chef in the kitchen.
Good Soup is a fine dining restaurant.
The workers I have is the minimum number of employees I need...
in order to provide customers with a fine dining service.
How can I fire them when they're finally showing great teamwork?
Is the allergy incident the result of great teamwork?
You need to make alterations in either the ingredients or employees.
What if I can't?
Then...
I might have to retrieve the investment I made.
That's a breach of contract.
Then I'll leave that to our friendship.
Jung Woo.
Let me ask you one thing.
Is this the immature fight for blind love...
that you were talking about?
Are you going to use work to sway us?
Are you exhausted already?
This is only the beginning.
You can give up right now if you want to.
Then I'll stop swaying you...
to get Hyun Soo.
Do you have no affection for me?
I do.
I like you. But if I have to choose between the two of you,
it's Hyun Soo.